it was tagged yeah oh that's all that's
Nick elite hero okay Nick hero is alway
always inches as okay yeah all right so
Nick hero is gonna try sucking in
sanford boss about jean shorts I can't
believe that do it's so cold man how
could he wear that outside does he live
like close by or something no right that
man lives in the Bronx oh come on all
right what a dream say about them I
don't even know shots fired a spy what
they said all right okay try to combo
into sweet but you did a little late oh
I just matchup is a tough match for Andy
yes not as bad as it used to be though
for one at least now so can't get smart
I kind of here divers thank you for
taking photos
you jumped the devil may spy wants to
know whens marvel it's coming soon
fellas all over gone I mean the
tournament started yes but while some on
the stream soon for now we got some
great matches so far so let's keep it
moving oh that was just very by sanford
Evers a little nervous oh but he still
took the first round we got it you need
to make a job be nervous too man zangi
that the mask art is another giant man
with chest hair once it's down any 360's
you all day with that 1.4 range yet
screen and your fireballs surprise looks
like actually look how to play the match
little better how to hold up the
fireball he's trying to but you really
should commit to Greenhead man he's
sitting on full bar and you really
hasn't done anything in either of his
first year round I guess he's hoping to
check in every but with the super so he
can electric that's not that's not gonna
happen yes use it all but he spent 3
meters when you have to that's gonna be
tough you've not booked ahead all right
using the face of the shield can't do
that oh my god trying to get body wats
be a tiger shots that's not not a more
booger hands war right so savage takes
the first game on Nick hero so I said
he's got no reactions he has no
reactions because his hands are probably
freezing you forgot to dress up today
and all right what happens note
yesterday just so you know you have
visited our Easter coming also yeah
that's what happens that's what I said
when I heard it I was a fun autonomous
without proper hiya yo he can't
concentrate because these enough choice
yeah he just likes getting clowned on
that's what's happening
he's getting clowned down by tiger shots
oh no no that was alright doctor cuz
that's cool now the follow-up book a
hand Sanford's looking for that is that
like to think about why why would you be
scared of the neutral jump there man you
have a lariat yeah I think about Nick is
like he can play solid was some of his
setups are like really really like yummy
it's also a part of the matchups you
know when you create setups you want to
try to be as character-specific with
them as you can right poof I'll favorite
in there
I see a lot of nut punches tonight
there's water right definitely it's like
doing the uppercut the characters in
this game will never have children Tiger
shorts someone said a tenner you're sure
let me get pregnant you got people like
vices which psycho abortion that's a
shame that that's how those guys operate
but he is evil so I guess it's no
surprise right child okay wow you should
have came down with a knees are so fired
yeah I was talking about the fire ball
game is too strong right now oh goodness
EXT PS that first got reads autumn is
over okay we got a chance just crush
them up come to the curse no still got a
grab for some up man just go about old
Miss time do all charge no I think you
missed time this safe job and that's why
that happened got a space it better but
i'll save jump even got jumped yeah he
got reversal there you go